feat(content): Quarg Revamp (#11102)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/quarg/quarg outfits.txt

	"thrusting heat" 3
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare"
		"scale" 1.25

outfit "Large Graviton Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 25000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg steering"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"turn" 3600
	"turning energy" 7.5
	"turning heat" 1.5
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2

# Power

outfit "Quantum Vacuum Battery"
	category "Power"
	cost 3000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quantum battery"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy capacity" 60000
	"active cooling" 25
	"cooling energy" 1.25
	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer efficiency of their technology. The energy density of Quarg batteries is unparalleled, storing nearly a third more energy than the best human batteries while being over a third smaller."

outfit "Antimatter Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg antimatter core"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy generation" 12
	"heat generation" 10
	description ""

outfit "Singularity Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 50000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg singularity core"

> 	"mass" 80

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"mass" 110
```

	"outfit space" -80

> 	"energy generation" 22
> 	"heat generation" 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"energy generation" 23.5
	"heat generation" 22.5
```

	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg central repair hub"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"hull repair rate" 2.5
	"hull energy" 1.25
	description "Though still far from a weakness compared to the technology of most other species, the hull repair systems employed by the Quarg are not as powerful as one might expect. Evidently they prefer to rely on their exceptionally powerful shield generators, and it isn't hard to see why this tactic has yet to fail them."

# Weapons

outfit "Skydagger"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 8500000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg skydagger"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"weapon capacity" -25
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/skydagger"
			"frame rate" 1
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/quarg skydagger"
		"hardpoint offset" 7
		sound "skydagger"
		"hit effect" "skylance impact"
		"inaccuracy" .6
		"turret turn" 3.1
		"velocity" 350
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 4
		"firing heat" .5
		"shield damage" 7.5
		"hull damage" 6
		"ion damage" .05
		"scrambling damage" .05
	description "These immensely powerful beam weapons are used by Quarg warships to strike fear into the hearts of all who dare oppose them."

> outfit "Quarg Skylance"
> 	"display name" "Skylance"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outfit "Skylance"
```

# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

# Engines

outfit "Small Graviton Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 12000000
	thumbnail "outfit/small quarg thruster"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"engine capacity" -50
	"thrust" 80

> 	"thrusting energy" 7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"thrusting energy" 5.6
```

	"thrusting heat" 1.5
	"reverse thrust" 40

> 	"reverse thrusting energy" 3.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"reverse thrusting energy" 2.8
```

	"reverse thrusting heat" .75
	"force protection" 0.1
	"inertia reduction" 0.1
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare"
		"scale" .75

> 

Reviewer 2: `exactly` is used twice, perhaps replace one with `precisely`?

outfit "Small Graviton Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 9000000
	thumbnail "outfit/small quarg steering"
	"mass" 30
	"outfit space" -30
	"engine capacity" -30
	"turn" 1200

> 	"turning energy" 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"turning energy" 2.4
```

	"turning heat" .75
	"force protection" 0.1
	"inertia reduction" 0.1

outfit "Medium Graviton Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium quarg thruster"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"thrust" 120

> 	"thrusting energy" 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"thrusting energy" 8
```

	"thrusting heat" 2
	"reverse thrust" 60

> 	"reverse thrusting energy" 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"reverse thrusting energy" 4
```

	"reverse thrusting heat" 1
	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare"

> 	description "Quarg thrusters are quite powerful for their size and produce very little heat, but at the cost of consuming immense amounts of energy."

Author: "Wreak" instead of wreck, and "on" instead of "with" for every gravitational wave antennae. It's wreaking havoc on something, not with the something it's doing it to.

	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect given the thrust of their engines, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Medium Graviton Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 16000000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium quarg steering"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"engine capacity" -50
	"turn" 2400

> 	"turning energy" 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"turning energy" 4
```

	"turning heat" 1
	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	description "Quarg steering engines are as similarly impressive as their thrusters in how much energy they consume. The Quarg don't seem to be bothered by this cost though, given the unmatched strength of their reactors."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect given the thrust of their engines, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Large Graviton Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 32000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg thruster"
	"mass" 100
	"outfit space" -100
	"engine capacity" -100
	"thrust" 185

> 	"thrusting energy" 15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"thrusting energy" 12
```

	"thrusting heat" 3
	"reverse thrust" 92.5

> 	"reverse thrusting energy" 7.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"reverse thrusting energy" 6
```

	"reverse thrusting heat" 1.5
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare"
		"scale" 1.25

> outfit "Large Graviton Steering"

Reviewer 3: The engines without descriptions could probably reuse the medium engines' descriptions as they seem to describe the engines adequately.

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 25000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg steering"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"turn" 3600

> 	"turning energy" 7.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"turning energy" 6
```

	"turning heat" 1.5
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2

# Power

outfit "Quantum Vacuum Battery"
	category "Power"
	cost 3000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quantum battery"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy capacity" 60000
	"active cooling" 25
	"cooling energy" 1.25
	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer efficiency of their technology. The energy density of Quarg batteries is unparalleled, storing nearly a third more energy than the best human batteries while being over a third smaller, on top of providing efficient cooling as a secondary function."

outfit "Antimatter Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg antimatter core"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy generation" 12
	"heat generation" 10

> 	description "Although humanity is now capable of producing antimatter in relatively significant quantities when compared to a thousand years ago, it is still nothing compared to the Quarg. The Quarg can produce enough antimatter to outfit every ship with an extremely efficient Antimatter Core, producing extreme amounts of energy with surprisingly little waste heat."

Reviewer 3: "Quarg" twice within three words doesn't read well. Not sure how to change it without making a runon sentence though.

> 	description "Although humanity is now capable of producing antimatter in relatively significant quantities when compared to a thousand years ago, it is still nothing compared to the Quarg. The Quarg can produce enough antimatter to outfit every ship with an extremely efficient Antimatter Core, producing extreme amounts of energy with surprisingly little waste heat."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "Although humanity is now capable of producing antimatter in relatively significant quantities when compared to a thousand years ago, it is still nothing compared to what this device is capable of. The Quarg can produce enough antimatter to outfit every ship with an extremely efficient Antimatter Core, producing extreme amounts of energy with surprisingly little waste heat."
```

Reviewer 3: That works, yes.

outfit "Singularity Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 50000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg singularity core"

> 	"mass" 110

Author: Currently they are higher than the outfit space. @Quantumshark what do you think? I could see larger masses, but I'm not sure about how high.

> 	"mass" 110

Reviewer 2: Keep in mind that that would make Quarg ships equipped with those way more heat resistant as well.

> 	"mass" 110

Reviewer 4: Here's a before and after of the impact of making the Quasar Cores 10X heavier to 1600 mass, adding 0.3 `inertia reduction`, and tweaking Hydra & Guivre `heat dissipation` to 0.29 & 0.21, respectively.

Before
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0bf79192-59b8-42fe-9bc2-226fc23702e6)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/30d1ce8f-7d43-47db-8797-c136c36f7360)

After
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fec1ce17-d30f-45d2-90b3-955d1a51b19d)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a0999f9-27fc-4491-b1a2-7672ac1fceff)

> 	"mass" 110

Reviewer: ~~I don't think "ridiculous" and "meme" are philosophies that should be guiding our development? I certainly don't think the Quarg should have ridiculous meme outfits.~~

We could give them more mass, I suppose? A 5:1 mass:outfit space ratio seems plenty, and maybe .15 inertia reduction?
As for heat, I'd rather just give them negative heat capacity of, say, 3x their outfit space so they're not upping the heat maxima too much. I definitely wouldn't want to worsen the ships' heat dissipation for them.

> 	"mass" 110

Author: I feel like if we have to go as far as to make negative heat capacity to offset a sort of silly/playful choice that it's no longer a good decision to have that. If we're fine with not giving it negative heat capacity, then sure.

> 	"mass" 110

Author: Gave mass 5:1 ratios and added the .15 inertia reduction.

	"outfit space" -80
	"energy generation" 23.5
	"heat generation" 22.5

> 	description ""

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

	description "Humans could never move a collapsed star, let alone transform it into a reactor with legendary efficiency, but the Quarg seemingly do on a regular basis."
```

> 	description ""

Author: Maybe indent it to another `description` line starting at "Futher"?

outfit "Quasar Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 100000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quasar core"
	"mass" 160
	"outfit space" -120
	"energy generation" 37.5
	"heat generation" 35

> 	description ""

Reviewer 3: Took a shot at a description for this outfit.
```suggestion
	description "Somehow, the Quarg have managed to fit the core of a massive black hole into this reactor. The resulting monstrosity creates huge amounts of energy with low waste heat."
```

Author: @Azure3141 had mentioned wanting to try and come up with something for this one as well. We are going with the more concise, mysterious descriptions similar to the original outfits; maybe he can provide some suggestions to work with this too and add a bit of sci-fi flavor?

> 	description ""

Author: If we indent the Singularity core desc, could do it here starting at "While".

# Systems

outfit "Aspis Shield Generator"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg aspis shield generator"
	"mass" 40
	"outfit space" -40

> 	"shield generation" 3.2
> 	"shield energy" 1.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"shield generation" 4
	"shield energy" 2
```

	"disruption protection" .2
	"piercing protection" .4

> 	description "Even the smallest example of Quarg shield generation displays a defense more immense that what humans would normally consider to be sufficient."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Even the smallest example of Quarg shield generation displays defensive powers greater than what humans would normally consider to be sufficient."
```

outfit "Ancile Shield Generator"
	category "Systems"
	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ancile shield generator"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55

> 	"shield generation" 5
> 	"shield energy" 2.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"shield generation" 6.25
	"shield energy" 3.125
```

	"disruption protection" .3
	"piercing protection" .6
	description "In addition to being able to recover their shields more quickly and efficiently than any other technology of considerable size, Quarg shield generators also provide an impressive degree of protection against weapons designed to bypass shields entirely."

outfit "Aegis Shield Generator"
	category "Systems"
	cost 30000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg aegis shield generator"
	"mass" 80
	"outfit space" -80

> 	"shield generation" 8
> 	"shield energy" 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"shield generation" 10
	"shield energy" 5
```

outfit "Singularity Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 50000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg singularity core"
	"mass" 400
	"outfit space" -80
	"energy generation" 23.5
	"heat generation" 22.5
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	description "According to little more than vague allusions by the Quarg, these generators contain a minuscule black hole, spewing radiation as it is fed a trickle of mass. This black hole is small enough to output a truly staggering amount of energy via Hawking radiation, which grows in power as a black hole shrinks, something that suggests the black hole within the Singularity Core is truly microscopic."
	description "	Further wild guesses by scientists and conspiracy theorists alike allege that the Quarg are able to somehow trick the laws of physics themselves to make this black hole weigh far less than it otherwise should, bringing its mass from that of a small moon to something a ship could have a hope of moving."

outfit "Quasar Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 100000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quasar core"
	"mass" 600
	"outfit space" -120
	"energy generation" 37.5
	"heat generation" 35
	"inertia reduction" 0.15

> 	description "This larger generator appears similar to the Singularity Core, only even more powerful. Little is known about its exact function, but purely based on its name, some have speculated that the Quasar Core's increased output is the result of the black hole at its core being fed enough mass to form a small accretion disk, releasing light and heat as it is falls towards the event horizon and is compressed to an unimaginable degree."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "This larger generator appears similar to the Singularity Core, only even more powerful. Little is known about its exact function, but purely based on its name, some have speculated that the Quasar Core's increased output is the result of the black hole at its core being fed enough mass to form a small accretion disk, releasing light and heat as it falls towards the event horizon and is compressed to an unimaginable degree."
```

# Systems

outfit "Aspis Shield Generator"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg aspis shield generator"
	"mass" 40
	"outfit space" -40
	"shield generation" 4
	"shield energy" 2
	"disruption protection" .2
	"piercing protection" .4
	description "Even the smallest example of Quarg shield generation displays defensive powers greater than what humans would normally consider to be sufficient."

outfit "Ancile Shield Generator"
	category "Systems"
	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ancile shield generator"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"shield generation" 6.25
	"shield energy" 3.125
	"disruption protection" .3
	"piercing protection" .6
	description "In addition to being able to recover their shields more quickly and efficiently than any other technology of considerable size, Quarg shield generators also provide an impressive degree of protection against weapons designed to bypass shields entirely."

outfit "Aegis Shield Generator"
	category "Systems"
	cost 30000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg aegis shield generator"
	"mass" 80
	"outfit space" -80
	"shield generation" 10
	"shield energy" 5
	"disruption protection" .5
	"piercing protection" 1

> 	description "The first humans who met the Quarg thought that their technology worked on magic, and many even think so to this day. The mechanism by which this Quarg shield generator works is completely unknown to humanity, providing an astounding amount of protection, and the Quarg aren't interested in giving up the secrets behind it."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "The first humans who met the Quarg thought that their technology worked on magic, and many even think so to this day. The mechanism by which this Quarg shield generator works are completely unknown to humanity, providing an astounding amount of protection, and the Quarg aren't interested in giving up the secrets behind it."
```

Reviewer 5: Oops I can't read

outfit "Peripheral Repair Hub"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg peripheral repair hub"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"hull repair rate" 1
	"hull energy" .5

> 	description "While the defense of Quarg shielding is not to be trifled with, their weaker ship hulls value automated repairs. These systems help maintain the armor in the unlikely event that the shields should fall."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "While Quarg shielding is not to be trifled with, their weaker ship hulls rely on automated repairs in more difficult battles. These systems help maintain a ship's hull in the unlikely event that their shields should fall."
```

outfit "Central Repair Hub"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg central repair hub"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"hull repair rate" 2.5
	"hull energy" 1.25

> 	description "Though still far from a weakness compared to the technology of most other species, the hull repair systems employed by the Quarg are not as powerful as one might expect. Evidently they prefer to rely on their exceptionally powerful shield generators, and it isn't hard to see why this tactic has yet to fail them."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "Though still far from weak compared to the technology of most other species, the hull repair systems employed by the Quarg are not as powerful as one might expect. Evidently they prefer to rely on their exceptionally powerful shield generators, and it isn't hard to see why this tactic has yet to fail them."
```

# Weapons

outfit "Skydagger"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 8500000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg skydagger"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"weapon capacity" -25
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/skydagger"
			"frame rate" 1
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/quarg skydagger"
		"hardpoint offset" 7
		sound "skydagger"
		"hit effect" "skylance impact"
		"inaccuracy" .6
		"turret turn" 3.1
		"velocity" 350
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 4
		"firing heat" .5
		"shield damage" 7.5
		"hull damage" 6
		"ion damage" .05
		"scrambling damage" .05

> 	description "Where an almighty force is not necessary, these beam weapons are used in place of more powerful weapons to simply provide defense to non-combatants. However, they remain a danger not to be taken lightly."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "Where overwhelming force is not necessary, these beam weapons are used in place of more powerful weapons to simply provide defense to non-combatants. However, they remain a danger not to be taken lightly."
```

# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

# Engines

outfit "Small Graviton Thruster"

> 	category "Engines"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Engines"
	series "Engines"
	index 91011
```

	"cost" 12000000
	thumbnail "outfit/small quarg thruster"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"engine capacity" -50
	"thrust" 80
	"thrusting energy" 5.6
	"thrusting heat" 1.5
	"reverse thrust" 40
	"reverse thrusting energy" 2.8
	"reverse thrusting heat" .75
	"force protection" 0.1
	"inertia reduction" 0.1
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare/graviton flare"
		"frame rate" 5
		"scale" .75
	description "How exactly Quarg thrusters work is unknown, but the mechanism that powers even this small set of engines consumes more energy than some human warships. Where all this energy goes is a complete mystery."
	description "	These engines also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships equipped with them accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Small Graviton Steering"

> 	category "Engines"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Engines"
	series "Engines"
	index 91010
```

	"cost" 9000000
	thumbnail "outfit/small quarg steering"
	"mass" 30
	"outfit space" -30
	"engine capacity" -30
	"turn" 1200
	"turning energy" 2.4
	"turning heat" .75
	"force protection" 0.1
	"inertia reduction" 0.1
	description "Despite their small size, these Quarg steering engines can turn their ships on a dime. It is rumored that, unlike human steering thrusters, the Quarg do not care where on the hull these are installed, producing the same rotational moment even if directly in line with the ship's center of mass."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Medium Graviton Thruster"

> 	category "Engines"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Engines"
	series "Engines"
	index 91021
```

	"cost" 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium quarg thruster"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"thrust" 120
	"thrusting energy" 8
	"thrusting heat" 2
	"reverse thrust" 60
	"reverse thrusting energy" 4
	"reverse thrusting heat" 1
	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare/graviton flare"
		"frame rate" 5
	description "Quarg thrusters are quite powerful for their size and produce very little heat, but at the cost of consuming immense amounts of energy. The mechanism by which they produce thrust is unknown, but it is rumored that the passing of a Quarg ship wreaks havoc on every gravitational wave antenna in the system."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Medium Graviton Steering"

> 	category "Engines"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Engines"
	series "Engines"
	index 91020
```

	"cost" 16000000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium quarg steering"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"engine capacity" -50
	"turn" 2400
	"turning energy" 4
	"turning heat" 1
	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	description "According to rumor, some Quarg ships have their steering engines installed internally, with no need for external thrusters. Much like a gyroscope, they can seemingly orient a ship from anywhere, but unlike them they never seem to saturate or become locked."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Large Graviton Thruster"

> 	category "Engines"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Engines"
	series "Engines"
	index 91031
```

	"cost" 32000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg thruster"
	"mass" 100
	"outfit space" -100
	"engine capacity" -100
	"thrust" 185
	"thrusting energy" 12
	"thrusting heat" 3
	"reverse thrust" 92.5
	"reverse thrusting energy" 6
	"reverse thrusting heat" 1.5
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare/graviton flare"
		"frame rate" 5
		"scale" 1.25
	description "This large set of Quarg thrusters is both powerful and subtle, leaving behind no bright exhaust trail nor emitting any detectable radiation aside from a faint violet glow. This is juxtaposed with the extreme amount of energy these engines consume, enough to power entire stations."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Large Graviton Steering"

> 	category "Engines"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Engines"
	series "Engines"
	index 91030
```

	"cost" 25000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg steering"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"turn" 3600
	"turning energy" 6
	"turning heat" 1.5
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2
	description "Quarg ships are famed for their ability to turn quickly and precisely, as though oriented by a divine hand rather than the flickering exhaust of human steering thrusters. According to some guesses on their mode of operation, this may be closer to the truth than not."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

# Power

outfit "Quantum Vacuum Battery"

> 	category "Power"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Power"
	series "Batteries"
	index 91010
```

	cost 3000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quantum battery"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy capacity" 60000
	"active cooling" 25
	"cooling energy" 1.25
	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer energy density of their technology. This Quarg battery holds enough energy to level a small city, rumored to be stored in the negative quantum vacuum pressure between innumerable tiny plates. Somehow, the battery chills itself as energy is drained from it, seemingly in defiance of the human understanding of thermodynamics."

outfit "Antimatter Core"

> 	category "Power"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Power"
	series "Generators"
	index 91010
```

	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg antimatter core"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy generation" 12
	"heat generation" 10
	description "Although humanity is now capable of producing antimatter in relatively significant quantities when compared to a thousand years ago, it is still nothing next to the output of the Quarg, who can produce enough antimatter to outfit even civilian ships with an extremely compact Antimatter Core. This device releases extreme amounts of energy in a simple, elegant package, all while producing surprisingly little waste heat."

outfit "Singularity Core"

> 	category "Power"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Power"
	series "Generators"
	index 91020
```

	cost 50000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg singularity core"
	"mass" 400
	"outfit space" -80
	"energy generation" 23.5
	"heat generation" 22.5
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	description "According to little more than vague allusions by the Quarg, these generators contain a minuscule black hole, spewing radiation as it is fed a trickle of mass. This black hole is small enough to output a truly staggering amount of energy via Hawking radiation, which grows in power as a black hole shrinks, something that suggests the black hole within the Singularity Core is truly microscopic."
	description "	Further wild guesses by scientists and conspiracy theorists alike allege that the Quarg are able to somehow trick the laws of physics themselves to make this black hole weigh far less than it otherwise should, bringing its mass from that of a small moon to something a ship could have a hope of moving."

outfit "Quasar Core"

> 	category "Power"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Power"
	series "Generators"
	index 91030
```

	cost 100000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quasar core"
	"mass" 600
	"outfit space" -120
	"energy generation" 37.5
	"heat generation" 35
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	description "This larger generator appears similar to the Singularity Core, only even more powerful. Little is known about its exact function, but purely based on its name, some have speculated that the Quasar Core's increased output is the result of the black hole at its core being fed enough mass to form a small accretion disk, releasing light and heat as it falls towards the event horizon and is compressed to an unimaginable degree."
	description "	While this process should be far less fuel-efficient than simply capturing the Hawking radiation emitted by the black hole alone, the staggering power density of this generator appears to be evidence it was worth the trade."

# Systems

outfit "Aspis Shield Generator"

> 	category "Systems"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Systems"
	series "Shields"
	index 91010
```

	cost 5000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg aspis shield generator"
	"mass" 40
	"outfit space" -40
	"shield generation" 4
	"shield energy" 2
	"disruption protection" .2
	"piercing protection" .4
	description "Even the smallest example of Quarg shield generation displays defensive powers greater than what humans would normally consider to be sufficient."

outfit "Ancile Shield Generator"

> 	category "Systems"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Systems"
	series "Shields"
	index 91020
```

	cost 7500000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ancile shield generator"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"shield generation" 6.25
	"shield energy" 3.125
	"disruption protection" .3
	"piercing protection" .6
	description "In addition to being able to recover their shields more quickly and efficiently than any other technology of considerable size, Quarg shield generators also provide an impressive degree of protection against weapons designed to bypass shields entirely."

outfit "Aegis Shield Generator"

> 	category "Systems"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Systems"
	series "Shields"
	index 91030
```

	cost 12500000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg aegis shield generator"
	"mass" 80
	"outfit space" -80
	"shield generation" 10
	"shield energy" 5
	"disruption protection" .5
	"piercing protection" 1
	description "The first humans who met the Quarg thought that their technology worked on magic, and many even think so to this day. The mechanism by which this Quarg shield generator works is completely unknown to humanity, providing an astounding amount of protection, and the Quarg aren't interested in giving up the secrets behind it."

outfit "Peripheral Repair Hub"

> 	category "Systems"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Systems"
	series "Repair"
	index 91010
```

	cost 2000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg peripheral repair hub"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"hull repair rate" 1
	"hull energy" .5
	description "While Quarg shielding is not to be trifled with, their weaker ship hulls rely on automated repairs in more difficult battles. These systems help maintain a ship's hull in the unlikely event that their shields should fall."

outfit "Central Repair Hub"

> 	category "Systems"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Systems"
	series "Repair"
	index 91020
```

	cost 5000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg central repair hub"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"hull repair rate" 2.5
	"hull energy" 1.25
	description "Though still far from weak compared to the technology of most other species, the hull repair systems employed by the Quarg are not as powerful as one might expect. Evidently they prefer to rely on their exceptionally powerful shield generators, and it isn't hard to see why this tactic has yet to fail them."

# Weapons

outfit "Skydagger"

> 	category "Turrets"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Turrets"
	series "Turrets"
	index 91010
```

	cost 8500000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg skydagger"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"weapon capacity" -25
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/skydagger"
			"frame rate" 1
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/quarg skydagger"
		"hardpoint offset" 7
		sound "skydagger"
		"hit effect" "skylance impact"
		"inaccuracy" .6
		"turret turn" 3.1
		"velocity" 350
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 4
		"firing heat" .5
		"shield damage" 7.5
		"hull damage" 6
		"ion damage" .05
		"scrambling damage" .05
	description "Where overwhelming force is not necessary, these beam weapons are used in place of more powerful weapons to simply provide defense to non-combatants. However, they remain a danger not to be taken lightly."

outfit "Skylance"

> 	category "Turrets"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Turrets"
	series "Turrets"
	index 91020
```

	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect, while also taking less impact from external forces."

# Power

outfit "Quantum Vacuum Battery"
	category "Power"
	series "Batteries"
	index 91010
	cost 3000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg quantum battery"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy capacity" 60000
	"active cooling" 25
	"cooling energy" 1.25
	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer energy density of their technology. This Quarg battery holds enough energy to level a small city, rumored to be stored in the negative quantum vacuum pressure between innumerable tiny plates. Somehow, the battery chills itself as energy is drained from it, seemingly in defiance of the human understanding of thermodynamics."

outfit "Antimatter Core"
	category "Power"
	series "Generators"
	index 91010

> 	cost 100000000

Author: ```suggestion
	cost 20000000
```

	"force protection" 0.15
	"inertia reduction" 0.15
	description "Quarg steering engines are as similarly impressive as their thrusters in how much energy they consume. The Quarg don't seem to be bothered by this cost though, given the unmatched strength of their reactors."
	description "	They also have strange capabilities which seem to violate the laws of physics as humanity understands them. Ships with these engines accelerate faster under their own power than one would expect given the thrust of their engines, while also taking less impact from external forces."

outfit "Large Graviton Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 32000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg thruster"
	"mass" 100
	"outfit space" -100
	"engine capacity" -100
	"thrust" 185
	"thrusting energy" 15
	"thrusting heat" 3
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2
	"flare sprite" "effect/graviton flare"
		"scale" 1.25

outfit "Large Graviton Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 25000000
	thumbnail "outfit/large quarg steering"
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"turn" 3600
	"turning energy" 7.5
	"turning heat" 1.5
	"force protection" 0.2
	"inertia reduction" 0.2

# Power

> outfit "Nanotech Battery"

Reviewer 4: I agree with this. As a whole, the Quarg currently have 3-ish naming themes: dragons for the ships, renaissance-esque weapon names (some of which are sky-themed, all can probably fit with the dragons), and the buzzwordy science names for most remaining outfits (which doesn't mesh as well). Since the Quarg already use the Greek dragon Hydra as a ship name and this is a cooling battery, what about naming it after the Greek god of the north wind/storms/ice?
```suggestion
outfit "Boreas Battery"
```

> outfit "Nanotech Battery"

Author: Hmmm. If the cores are going to be similar to Antimatter and Singularity, this could still stand to be more scif-fi than medieval for a power-related outfit. Maybe we move Quantum over here from the shield generator? I agree nanotech is a bit less of a Quarg deal though.

Quantum Fiber Battery, perhaps?

> outfit "Nanotech Battery"

Reviewer 4: [Quantum batteries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_battery) have actually been (theoretically) proposed for future energy storage, so if moving quantum over here I think simply **"Quantum Battery"** could work. But that's missing a cooling aspect. Quantum cooling related -- [Bose–Einstein condensates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bose%E2%80%93Einstein_condensate) form from supercooled bosons. Sticking with Quantum and cooling related without being too much of a mouthful, how does **"Quantum Boson Battery"** or **"Boson Quantum Battery"** sound?

> outfit "Nanotech Battery"

Author: Hmmm. I think it depends on how on the nose "Boson" is since it references a name.

> outfit "Nanotech Battery"

Reviewer 4: Ah, that's a good point. Alternatively, how about **"Quantum Zero Battery"** to evoke "absolute zero" and ["zero-point energy"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-point_energy)?

> outfit "Nanotech Battery"

Author: That does sound a bit better. Hm.

	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy capacity" 60000

> 	"active cooling" 25

Author: The Quarg's theme overall is to run very low heat-wise, and a lot of outfits on the old PR were given active cooling, which was a bit overkill; instead, @Quantumshark suggested to place some on the battery.

	"cooling energy" 1.25
	description "Human engineers who first came into contact with the Quarg were astonished by the sheer efficiency of their technology. The energy density of Quarg batteries is unparalleled, storing nearly a third more energy than the best human batteries while being over a third smaller."

outfit "Tachyon Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 20000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg tachyon core"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"energy generation" 12
	"heat generation" 10
	description ""

outfit "Antimatter Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 100000000
	cost 50000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg antimatter core"
	"mass" 80
	"outfit space" -80
	"energy generation" 80
	"energy generation" 22
	"heat generation" 20

> 	"unplunderable" 1

Author: The whole reason unplunderable was on Quarg outfits was because they were improperly balanced. Now that they're properly balanced for their Tier, it's okay to remove it. It wasn't there to block obtainment or anything. Regardless if you stole an outfit or a ship, the ringworld interaction won't change.

I think it makes sense in another light that if you're able to disable a Quarg ship to begin with, then you'd at least be expected to take an item from it, or, at the very least, being able to plunder these isn't inherently an issue now that they're balanced more.

outfit "Singularity Core"
	category "Power"
	cost 100000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg singularity core"
	"mass" 160
	"outfit space" -120
	"energy generation" 37.5
	"heat generation" 35
	description ""

# Systems

> outfit "Fluxion Shield Generator"

Author: We could look at names similar to Singularity Core and not use imaginary names, sure. I'd just want to avoid something in the opposite direction, such as fancy realistic Sci-fi names that are long or wordy.

> outfit "Fluxion Shield Generator"

Reviewer 4: The weapons are mostly medieval/renaissance weapon themed. What about making the shield generators medieval shield/armor themed? Going from small to large shields:
```suggestion
outfit "Buckler Shield Generator"
```
Medium one maybe **"Targe Shield Generator"**
Large One **"Aegis Shield Generator"**

> outfit "Fluxion Shield Generator"

Author: Yeah, I like the shield-based, well, shield names. The imaginary names can be something more for the Pug.

> outfit "Fluxion Shield Generator"

Author: Though, "Aegis" is less-so a specific shield and more a word for one, while "Buckler" references a specific shield. I almost like the more celestial-sounding "Aegis", but I don't know what other two words would work for that.

> outfit "Fluxion Shield Generator"

Reviewer 4: From chatting with Saugia on Discord -- revising to:
```suggestion
outfit "Aspis Shield Generator"
```

	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	"mass" 40
	"outfit space" -40
	"shield generation" 3.2
	"shield energy" 1.6
	"disruption protection" .4
	"piercing protection" .2

> outfit "Infimum Shield Generator"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
outfit "Ancile Shield Generator"
```

	category "Systems"
	cost 20000000
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"shield generation" 5
	"shield energy" 2.5
	"disruption protection" .6
	"piercing protection" .3
	description "In addition to being able to recover their shields more quickly and efficiently than any other technology of considerable size, Quarg shield generators also provide an impressive degree of protection against weapons designed to bypass shields entirely."

> outfit "Quantum Shield Generator"

Author: I do like the idea rem provides below with "Aegis" and shield-type, well, shield names.

> outfit "Quantum Shield Generator"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
outfit "Aegis Shield Generator"
```

	category "Systems"
	cost 30000000
	"mass" 80
	"outfit space" -80
	"shield generation" 8
	"shield energy" 4

> 	"disruption protection" 1

Author: The disruption protections were suggestions from @Quantumshark to give more nuances to Quarg shielding being their strongpoint.

> 	"disruption protection" 1

Reviewer 4: This feels a quite high to me as well, especially given that the Gridfire is piercing and lacks disruption damage. I would have expected the piercing & disruption protection values to be flipped.

> 	"disruption protection" 1

Reviewer: Yes, swapping the piercing protection and disruption protection values to better resist the Gridfire seems reasonable.

	"piercing protection" .5
	description "The first humans who met the Quarg thought that their technology worked on magic, and many even think so to this day. The mechanism by which this Quarg shield generator works is completely unknown to humanity, and the Quarg aren't interested in giving up their secrets."

outfit "Peripheral Repair Hub"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg peripheral repair hub"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"hull repair rate" 1
	"hull energy" .5
	description ""

outfit "Central Repair Hub"
	category "Systems"
	cost 10000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg central repair hub"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55
	"hull repair rate" 2.5
	"hull energy" 1.25
	description "Though still far from a weakness compared to the technology of most other species, the hull repair systems employed by the Quarg are not as powerful as one might expect. Evidently they prefer to rely on their exceptionally powerful shield generators, and it isn't hard to see why this tactic has yet to fail them."

# Weapons

> outfit "Quarg Skydagger"

Author: @Arachi-Lover's idea with the Sky Dagger is that the less-combat oriented ships, mainly freighters, probably shouldn't be running the same main weapons as their warships. The Wardragon, being the Quarg's older prime-time warship, is primarily armed with Skylances, so it seems weird to just give those to the Lindwyrm or other freighters as well.

I think it's fine to have a similar weapon, similar to how humans have energy blaster variants, and it almost humanizes this earlier bit of Quarg history, which I think is fine.

> outfit "Quarg Skydagger"

Author: I like to look at it this way. The Quarg have two direct splits in their ideology:

Pre-Pug: Older ships, Wardragon, Skydagger, Skylance, Anti-Missile
Post-Pug: Newer ships, Ranseur, Ribualt, Culverin, etc.,

So, you have the previous field, which was less war-intensive and focuses on beam technology, and the newer weapons which vary more from beam tech. Since consistent beam tech is important to their feats, it makes sense to lean a bit into it. The Skylance isn't specifically a defensive weapon for a non-combat ship, it was the main weapon of the Quarg's roster prior to the Pug concerns. So it makes sense to stand that there was another beam weapon in that roster.

Humans are a good comparisons - the Heavy Laser is a main weapon in human roster, and there exists beam lasers like the Mining Laser and the Beam Laser. Not only that, but you have the Electron Laser. So, the humans having several consistent beam weapons as a result of the Pug somewhat make the singular Skylance a bit more trivial, which makes sense in the manner that the Pug gave it to them. With the Quarg's roster being a bit smaller in scope, they won't have as many weapons, but even just the one more in the form of the Skylance plays similarly into the beams being the focus in the earlier half, and the second halkf being these separate, distinct weapon roles due to the need in them now.

One thought I had, is we could make the Skydagger work ever so slightly different than the lance. Perhaps it has a burst; it is a consistent beam for a few moments, and then turns off. Then once again. Not so far as to be a Pulse Laser, but not so far it to be a fully consistent beam like the Skylance, meant to be that primary weapon and the feat of the Quarg's initial history.

Keeping it also helps with slightly varying the Quarg's earlier roster, since the more varied weapons are a result of the later. Some Wardragons could have 2 daggers and 2 lances. The other old LW coming, and old MW, could have some mix of the two sky-weapons as well, instead of all of them being blander and simply just having lances and anti-missiles. Even just the additional dagger, in the smaller scope of older ship logistics, helps with more weapons in that pool, without shoving the newer weapon ideology on them. Again, kind of similar to humanity's beam - heavy beam - electron beam idea.

> outfit "Quarg Skydagger"

Reviewer 4: Maybe, since these are meant to largely go on less-combat oriented ships like freighters, the niche of the Skydagger could be differentiated by focusing more on how it can keep attackers away/neutralized enough for the freighter to flee over being a smaller Skylance. Somewhat like the Heliarch's Ion Rain niche, but instead of policing a target this helps a Quarg freighter get out of combat. 

Stats-wise, that could be done by something like moving the ion damage to scramble (and potentially boosting that) to reduce the damage enemies inflict on the freighter, adding a touch of hit force to keep them away, and possibly reducing the damage modestly to balance out those other effects. 

I think that would make this weapon differ from the Skylance more and better fit into the "peacetime" ship weapon niche.

> outfit "Quarg Anti-Missile"

Author: Phalanx?

> outfit "Quarg Anti-Missile"
> 	"display name" "Stratospear"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outfit "Stratospear"
```

		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 8
		"firing heat" 1
		"shield damage" 15
		"hull damage" 12
		"ion damage" .1
		"scrambling damage" .1

> 	description "Despite being among the oldest and least specialized of Quarg weaponry, these immensely powerful beam weapons strike fear into the hearts of all who dare oppose them. With a design that has survived longer than all of human civilization, the Skylance is an elegant weapon, one from a more civilized age."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "Despite being among the oldest and least specialized of Quarg weaponry, these immensely powerful beam weapons strike fear into the hearts of all who dare oppose them. With a design that has survived longer than humanity itself, the Skylance is an elegant weapon, one from a more civilized age."
```

> 		"velocity" 500

Author: We did consider giving them a buff, however, they are pretty well-off where they are in terms of Heliarch fighting. In testing we did look at buffing them, but it made them too powerful against Finishers.

> 		"velocity" 500

Author: It'd have to be a careful balancing act then; we wouldn't want to over-buff Finishers in their missile strength, or over-buff the Quarg AM in it's ability to shoot down finishers. The range and reload are certainly on the higher end for Am's. @Quantumshark Any thoughts?

	"velocity scale" 0.

outfit "Stratospear"

> 	category "Turrets"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Turrets"
	series "Anti-Missile"
	index 91010
```

		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 10
		"firing energy" 40

> 	description "Quarg anti-missile defenses fire pinpoint bursts of energy that can target projectiles from considerable range compared to human technology, leaving room for only the most powerful of missiles to be capable of even getting near a Quarg ship."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Quarg anti-missile defenses fire pinpoint bursts of energy that can target projectiles from considerable range compared to human technology, leaving room for only the most powerful of missiles to have the capability of getting near a Quarg ship."
```
This last sentence flowed somewhat awkwardly due to the repeated "of" and the amazement in the description.

> 	description "Quarg anti-missile defenses fire pinpoint bursts of energy that can target projectiles from considerable range compared to human technology, leaving room for only the most powerful of missiles to have the capability of getting near a Quarg ship."

Author: Avgi is that you??

	"velocity scale" 1

> outfit "Quarg Ranseur"

Author: I'm personally not super fond of the "sky thing - polearm" naming style, at least with the new weapons. It works with Skylance because the name reads so nicely, but with the newer weapons having more syllables and more verbose words, slapping an air descriptor on them just sounds odd and doesn't read well.

I think it's fine if the older weapons use one naming scheme, and perhaps the new ones don't. There's not really any names that read well off of the top of my head coming up with some sky/air things.

> outfit "Quarg Ranseur"

Author: That could work. Though, I wouldn't entirely be opposed to separating the words -  Sky Lance. Empyrean Culverin. That works better than Skylance and Empyreanculverin or having the latter be two words instead.

		"fire effect" "ribault flare"
		"hit effect" "electron impact"
		sound "ribault"
		"inaccuracy" 13
		"turret turn" 2.5
		"velocity" 13
		"reload" 17
		"burst reload" 2
		"burst count" 19
		"firing energy" 120
		"firing heat" 5
		"submunition" "ribault unguided" 2
	description "The rapid flurries shot by this turret cover a wide area at a long range, while dealing very high damage at point blank, should all shots hit their target."

outfit "ribault unguided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 20
		"submunition" "ribault guided"

outfit "ribault guided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
			"frame rate" 10
			"random start frame"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 30
		"fade out" 7
		"turn" 5
		"homing" 4
		"tracking" 1
		"acceleration" 1
		"drag" .1
		"fuel damage" 5
		"shield damage" 100
		"hull damage" 35

effect "ribault flare"
	sprite "effect/distancer"
		"frame rate" 1.2
	"lifetime" 0
	"velocity scale" .1

effect "ribault impact"
	sprite "effect/electron impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"random spin" 1
	"velocity scale" -.003

> outfit "Quarg Graviton Projector"

Author: I think Graviton is good to keep as this is a great example at a direct usage of the tech, and Projector is good to imply the weapon interacts with it, and in Scifi, "projector" is comfortably fixed onto "Tractor Beam" typically, so I felt it was nice here.

Slipstream isn't inherently a weapon or interaction type, which is what projector (or emitter) is meant to be, so saying "graviton stream" seems a bit odd when that's a result of the weapon, not what the weapon is doing with the gravitons. Graviton Slipstream Projector could work, but I'm a bit worried if that's too wordy.

> outfit "Quarg Graviton Projector"

Author: I also wouldn't hate "Quarg Slipstream Projector", and then allocate Graviton to the description.

	category "Guns"
	cost 18000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg skylance"
	"mass" 200
	"outfit space" -200
	"weapon capacity" -200
	"gun ports" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/quarg tractor beam/tractorbeam"
			"frame rate" 20
		sound "quarg tractor beam"
		"inaccuracy" .1
		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 2
		"hit force" -400
		"shield damage" 30
		"penetration count" 0
	description "These immensely powerful beam weapons are used by Quarg warships to strike fear into the hearts of all who dare oppose them."

# Special

> outfit "Intrusion Countermeasures"

Reviewer 4: I like Phalanx System. Could also go castle themed here of something like **Rampart Array**

		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 20
		"submunition" "ribault guided"

outfit "ribault guided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
			"frame rate" 10
			"random start frame"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 30
		"fade out" 7
		"turn" 5
		"homing" 4
		"tracking" 1
		"acceleration" 1
		"drag" .1
		"fuel damage" 5
		"shield damage" 100
		"hull damage" 35

effect "ribault flare"
	sprite "effect/distancer"
		"frame rate" 1.2
	"lifetime" 0
	"velocity scale" .1

effect "ribault impact"
	sprite "effect/electron impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"random spin" 1
	"velocity scale" -.003

outfit "Graviton Slipstream Projector"
	category "Guns"
	cost 18000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg skylance"
	"mass" 200
	"outfit space" -200
	"weapon capacity" -200
	"gun ports" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/quarg tractor beam/tractorbeam"
			"frame rate" 20
		sound "quarg tractor beam"
		"inaccuracy" .1
		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 2
		"hit force" -400
		"shield damage" 30
		"penetration count" 0
	description "Something something peak Graviton."

# Special

> outfit "Intrusion Countermeasures"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outfit "Phalanx System"
```

> 	"display name" "Phalanx System"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

	"velocity scale" 1

outfit "Elysian Ranseur"
	category Guns
	cost 40000000
	mass 65
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ranseur"
	"gun ports" -1
	"outfit space" -65
	"weapon capacity" -65
	weapon
		sound "ranseur"
		"fire effect" "ranseur"
		"hit effect" "jump drive"
		"hit effect" "disruptor impact" 10
		lifetime 1
		reload 100
		velocity 600
		"firing energy" 900
		"firing heat" 30
		"shield damage" 2100
		"hull damage" 1500
		"hit force" 600
		"penetration count" 5

> 	description "The technology behind this weapon is incomprehensibly complex, creating pulses of energy that bend spacetime itself. Powerful gravitatonal forces through the opening, piercing through shielding with ease and delivering dangerous blows. How the weapon is able to do any of this is only known to the Quarg."

Reviewer 3: > forces through the opening

What forces through the opening, though?

> 	description "The technology behind this weapon is incomprehensibly complex, creating pulses of energy that bend spacetime itself. Powerful gravitatonal forces through the opening, piercing through shielding with ease and delivering dangerous blows. How the weapon is able to do any of this is only known to the Quarg."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "The technology behind this weapon is incomprehensibly complex, creating pulses of energy that bend spacetime itself. Powerful gravitational are forced through the fold, piercing through shielding with ease and delivering dangerous blows. How the weapon is able to do any of this is only known to the Quarg."
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The technology behind this weapon is incomprehensibly complex, creating pulses of energy that bend spacetime itself. Powerful gravitational pulses are forced through the fold, piercing through shielding with ease and delivering dangerous blows. How the weapon is able to do any of this is only known to the Quarg."
```

		"hull damage" 225
		"slowing damage" 4.5
		"hit force" -600
		"missile strength" 600
	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, and then draw the target back to the Quarg, aiding them in locking down more distant enemies."

effect "culverin hit"
	sprite "effect/skylance impact"
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 2
	"random lifetime" 4
	"velocity scale" 0
	"random angle" 180
	"random velocity" 8

effect "culverin die"
	sprite "effect/jump drive"
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 5
	"velocity scale" 0.4

outfit "Astral Ribault"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 15000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ribault"
	"mass" 35
	"outfit space" -35
	"weapon capacity" -35
	"required crew" 1
	"turret mounts" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/quarg ribault"
		"hardpoint offset" 10.
		"fire effect" "ribault flare"
		"hit effect" "electron impact"
		sound "ribault"
		"inaccuracy" 13
		"turret turn" 2.5
		"velocity" 13
		"reload" 17
		"burst reload" 2
		"burst count" 19

> 		"firing energy" 120

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"firing energy" 80
```

The Astral Ribault is the only Quarg weapon that's using more than 10 energy per second per ton of space. This drops it down to be more in line with the other Quarg weapons' energy draws, and should also help with the energy issue Arachi raised.

> 		"firing heat" 5

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"firing heat" 5
		"fuel damage" .1
```
The description mentions damage to the target's fuel systems, but this doesn't actually happen without this.

Author: Submunition weapons define their damage in the last weapon node; see below.

outfit "ribault unguided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 20
		"submunition" "ribault guided"

outfit "ribault guided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
			"frame rate" 10
			"random start frame"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 30
		"fade out" 7
		"turn" 5
		"homing" 4
		"tracking" 1
		"acceleration" 1
		"drag" .1
		"fuel damage" 5
		"shield damage" 100
		"hull damage" 35

effect "ribault flare"
	sprite "effect/distancer"
		"frame rate" 1.2
	"lifetime" 0
	"velocity scale" .1

effect "ribault impact"
	sprite "effect/electron impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"random spin" 1
	"velocity scale" -.003

outfit "Slipstream Projector"
	category "Guns"
	cost 18000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg skylance"
	"mass" 200
	"outfit space" -200
	"weapon capacity" -200
	"gun ports" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/slipstream projector/slipstream"
			"frame rate" 20
		sound "slipstream projector"
		"inaccuracy" .1
		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 2
		"hit force" -400
		"shield damage" 30

> 		"penetration count" 0

Reviewer 3: This could potentially cause performance issues. Might be better to make it a high number without unlimited penetrations, just in case.
```suggestion
		"penetration count" 100
```

		reload 100
		velocity 600
		"firing energy" 900
		"firing heat" 30
		"shield damage" 2100
		"hull damage" 1500
		"hit force" 600
		"penetration count" 5
	description "The technology behind this weapon is incomprehensibly complex, creating pulses of energy that bend spacetime itself. Powerful gravitational pulses are forced through the fold, piercing through shielding with ease and delivering dangerous blows. How the weapon is able to do any of this is only known to the Quarg."

effect "ranseur"
	sprite effect/ranseur
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 11

outfit "Celestial Culverin"
	category Guns
	cost 22000000
	mass 45
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg culverin"
	"gun ports" -1
	"outfit space" -45
	"weapon capacity" -45
	weapon
		sprite projectile/culverin
			"frame rate" 60
			"random start frame"
			rewind
		sound "culverin"
		"hit effect" "culverin hit" 20
		"die effect" "culverin die"
		lifetime 110
		reload 36
		homing 4
		velocity 10
		acceleration 0.6
		drag 0.05
		turn 60
		inaccuracy 12
		"stream"
		tracking 1
		"firing energy" 180
		"firing heat" 22.5
		"shield damage" 300
		"hull damage" 225
		"slowing damage" 4.5
		"fuel damage" 9
		"missile strength" 600

> 	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, and then draw the target back to the Quarg, aiding them in locking down more distant enemies."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems as well, allowing the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."
```

> 	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems as well, allowing the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."

Reviewer 3: Last sentence seems run-on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems and allowing the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."
```
This might help.
Although how does fuel system damage eliminate close-up enemies?

> 	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems as well, allowing the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems. This utility, on top of being almost unavoidable, allows the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."
```

> 	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, resulting in gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems. This utility, on top of being almost unavoidable, allows the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, producing gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems. This utility, on top of being almost unavoidable, allows the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."
```

effect "culverin hit"
	sprite "effect/skylance impact"
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 2
	"random lifetime" 4
	"velocity scale" 0
	"random angle" 180
	"random velocity" 8

effect "culverin die"
	sprite "effect/jump drive"
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 5
	"velocity scale" 0.4

outfit "Astral Ribault"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 15000000
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ribault"
	"mass" 35
	"outfit space" -35
	"weapon capacity" -35
	"required crew" 1
	"turret mounts" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/quarg ribault"
		"hardpoint offset" 10.
		"fire effect" "ribault flare"
		"hit effect" "electron impact"
		sound "ribault"
		"inaccuracy" 13
		"turret turn" 2.5
		"velocity" 13
		"reload" 17
		"burst reload" 2
		"burst count" 19
		"firing energy" 80
		"firing heat" 5
		"submunition" "ribault unguided" 2

> 	description "The rapid flurries shot by this turret cover a wide area at a long range, while dealing very high damage at point blank, should all shots hit their target. Any target caught by the storm of projectiles suffers damage to its fuel systems, allowing the Quarg to keep aggressors in check."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "The rapid flurries shot by this turret cover a wide area at a long range, firing a storm of negative energy particles.. Attractive forces guide them towards their target, dealing very high damage to enemies within the immediate vicinity and pulling those that flee within the Quarg's reach."
```

> 	description "The rapid flurries shot by this turret cover a wide area at a long range, firing a storm of negative energy particles. Attractive forces guide them towards their target, dealing very high damage to enemies within the immediate vicinity, while keeping those that flee within the Quarg's reach."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "The rapid flurries shot by this turret cover a wide area at a long range, firing a storm of negative energy particles. Attractive forces guide these particles towards their target, dealing very high damage to enemies within the immediate vicinity while keeping those that flee within the Quarg's reach."
```

	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 20
		"submunition" "ribault guided"

outfit "ribault guided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
			"frame rate" 10
			"random start frame"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 30
		"fade out" 7
		"turn" 5
		"homing" 4
		"tracking" 1
		"acceleration" 1
		"drag" .1
		"hit force" -120
		"shield damage" 100
		"hull damage" 35

effect "ribault flare"
	sprite "effect/distancer"
		"frame rate" 1.2
	"lifetime" 0
	"velocity scale" .1

effect "ribault impact"
	sprite "effect/electron impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"random spin" 1
	"velocity scale" -.003

outfit "Slipstream Projector"
	category "Guns"
	cost 18000000
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 200
	"outfit space" -200
	"weapon capacity" -200
	"gun ports" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/slipstream projector/slipstream"
			"frame rate" 20
		sound "slipstream projector"
		"inaccuracy" .1
		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 2
		"hit force" -400
		"shield damage" 30
		"penetration count" 100

> 	description "While the exact workings of Graviton tech are a wonder, it's no secret that this device manipulates gravity in such a wondrous way that it even bends the massive architecture of ringworlds to its whim. While the force is not enough to harm the delicate structure, the negative energy is powerful enough to rip off the shielding of a ship in a remarkably short period of time."

Author: Yeah, probably not, since we don't capitalize things like "deuterium".

> 	description "While the exact workings of Graviton tech are a wonder, it's no secret that this device manipulates gravity in such a wondrous way that it even bends the massive architecture of ringworlds to its whim. While the force is not enough to harm the delicate structure, the negative energy is powerful enough to rip off the shielding of a ship in a remarkably short period of time."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "While the exact workings of graviton tech are a wonder, it's no secret that this device manipulates gravity in such a wondrous way that it even bends the massive architecture of ringworlds to its whim. While the force is not enough to harm the delicate structure, the negative energy is powerful enough to rip off the shielding of a ship in a remarkably short period of time."
```

> 	description "While the exact workings of graviton tech are a wonder, it's no secret that this device manipulates gravity in such a wondrous way that it even bends the massive architecture of ringworlds to its whim. While the force is not enough to harm the delicate structure, the negative energy is powerful enough to rip off the shielding of a ship in a remarkably short period of time."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description "While the exact workings of graviton tech are a mystery, it's no secret that this device manipulates gravity in such a wondrous way that it even bends the massive architecture of ringworlds to its whim. While the force is not enough to harm the delicate structure, the negative energy is powerful enough to rip off the shielding of a ship in a remarkably short period of time."
```

	"velocity scale" 1

outfit "Elysian Ranseur"

> 	category Guns

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category Guns
	series "Guns"
	index 91010
```

	cost 40000000
	mass 65
	thumbnail "outfit/quarg ranseur"
	"gun ports" -1
	"outfit space" -65
	"weapon capacity" -65
	weapon
		sound "ranseur"
		"fire effect" "ranseur"
		"hit effect" "jump drive"
		"hit effect" "disruptor impact" 10
		lifetime 1
		reload 100
		velocity 600
		"firing energy" 900
		"firing heat" 30
		"shield damage" 2100
		"hull damage" 1500
		"hit force" 600
		"penetration count" 5
	description "The technology behind this weapon is incomprehensibly complex, creating pulses of energy that bend spacetime itself. Powerful gravitational pulses are forced through the fold, penetrating through multiple targets with ease and delivering dangerous blows to those along the path. How the weapon is able to do any of this is only known to the Quarg."

effect "ranseur"
	sprite effect/ranseur
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 11

outfit "Celestial Culverin"

> 	category Guns

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category Guns
	series "Guns"
	index 91020
```

	"outfit space" -45
	"weapon capacity" -45
	weapon
		sprite projectile/culverin
			"frame rate" 60
			"random start frame"
			rewind
		sound "culverin"
		"hit effect" "culverin hit" 20
		"die effect" "culverin die"
		lifetime 110
		reload 36
		homing 4
		velocity 10
		acceleration 0.6
		drag 0.05
		turn 60
		inaccuracy 12
		"stream"
		tracking .7
		"firing energy" 180
		"firing heat" 22.5
		"shield damage" 300
		"hull damage" 225
		"slowing damage" 4.5
		"fuel damage" 9
		"missile strength" 600
	description "This weapon tangles with spacetime in ways beyond understanding, producing gravitational forces that slow the target down. As if fulfilling their own intended destiny, the projectiles are guided to their target, disrupting their fuel systems. This utility, on top of being almost unavoidable, allows the weapon to lock down the Quarg's more distant enemies."

effect "culverin hit"
	sprite "effect/skylance impact"
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 2
	"random lifetime" 4
	"velocity scale" 0
	"random angle" 180
	"random velocity" 8

effect "culverin die"
	sprite "effect/jump drive"
		"frame rate" 30
		"no repeat"
	lifetime 5
	"velocity scale" 0.4

outfit "Astral Ribault"

> 	category "Turrets"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Turrets"
	series "Turrets"
	index 91030
```

		"burst count" 19
		"firing energy" 80
		"firing heat" 5
		"submunition" "ribault unguided" 2
	description "The rapid flurries shot by this turret cover a wide area at a long range, firing a storm of negative energy particles. Attractive forces guide these particles towards their target, dealing very high damage to enemies within the immediate vicinity while keeping those that flee within the Quarg's reach."

outfit "ribault unguided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 20
		"submunition" "ribault guided"

outfit "ribault guided"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/ribault"
			"frame rate" 10
			"random start frame"
		"hit effect" "ribault impact"
		"inaccuracy" 11
		"lifetime" 30
		"fade out" 7
		"turn" 5
		"homing" 4
		"tracking" .6
		"acceleration" 1
		"drag" .1
		"hit force" -120
		"shield damage" 100
		"hull damage" 35

effect "ribault flare"
	sprite "effect/distancer"
		"frame rate" 1.2
	"lifetime" 0
	"velocity scale" .1

effect "ribault impact"
	sprite "effect/electron impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"random spin" 1
	"velocity scale" -.003

outfit "Slipstream Projector"

> 	category "Guns"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Guns"
	series "Guns"
	index 91030
```

	cost 18000000
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 200
	"outfit space" -200
	"weapon capacity" -200
	"gun ports" -1
	"required crew" 1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/slipstream projector/slipstream"
			"frame rate" 20
		sound "slipstream projector"
		"inaccuracy" .1
		"velocity" 500
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 2
		"hit force" -400
		"shield damage" 30
		"penetration count" 100
	description "While the exact workings of graviton tech are a mystery, it's no secret that this device manipulates gravity in such a wondrous way that it even bends the massive architecture of ringworlds to its whim. While the force is not enough to harm the delicate structure, the negative energy is powerful enough to rip off the shielding of a ship in a remarkably short period of time."

# Special

outfit "Phalanx System"

> 	category "Hand to Hand"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	category "Hand to Hand"
	series "Fortifications"
	index 91010
```

outfit "Slipstream Projector"
	category "Guns"
	cost 18000000

> 	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"

Reviewer 3: It would be nice to get a sprite for this at some point.
